Fengtian Express
The emperor said Jiang Yunru, the second lady of the Jiang family
Draw Orchid Heart
Wen Wan Hyun-Sook
Canonized as the Crown Princess
Married two days later
admire this
Thank you Lord Long for accepting the order
Why is the ring so slow?
Could it be contempt for the court?
Eunuch Li Mingjian
It's not that Rong'er and I disrespect the emperor
But my master is seriously ill
Eunuch Li
You have a lot.
Don't argue with us
Hey, Second Miss, what are you doing?
Things about the Jiang family
Our family will definitely report to the emperor truthfully.
Miss, you are here.
Dad's illness is when he needs someone to take care of him
Why are you the only one here?
Everyone else was called away by the second lady
Going to prepare for the second lady's wedding
You go too far.
I'm going to find him
Miss, the emperor wants to break in
Attack wins
Did the emperor know something?